November 12 Meeting Minutes

Last Thursday we looked at various subtopics:

Sebastian: life history vs predator-prey interactions (whether it stays constant)

Gloria: geospatial data

Mariel: foodwebs - convert data into matrix, then text file

Josh: relationship between predator and prey mass and weights

We will work through the mid-project update together. Each member takes the lead for their subsection.
