 November 21 Meeting Minutes

- Leader: Mariel
- Recorder: Josh
- Organizer: Sebastian
- Day Off: Gloria

Note: these are the same roles as last meeting, as Gloria isn't here. 

Talk to TAs about the mid-project update. Main concerns were:

- How were standardised mass/ length values calculated? We need to include this in the final report, or create our own standardized values.

- Setup of models. Some of them weren't clear about what they were analyzing, and some were not the correct model for the data. 

Goals for today: 

Sebastian: 

- continue processing predator/prey ontogeny data
- more figures and models

Josh: 

- meeting minutes
- begin report

Mariel:

- continue work on webs




